docs/README.md, before:

<center>

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/warning-School%20Project-important?style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol?style=for-the-badge)

![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020?style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol?color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

[![](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/v/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol?label=Jitpack%20latest%20release&style=for-the-badge)](https://jitpack.io/#JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol)
![JitPack - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/dm/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol?color=darkblue&style=for-the-badge)

</center>

---

# Resources

- [javadoc of the latest version](https://javadoc.jitpack.io/com/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/latest/javadoc/index.html), hosted on JitPack

- [general description](PCP.md) of the initial protocol idea.



# Versions

## [PCP-Minimal](PCP-Min.md) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/PCP-Min?style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/dev-Min?color=informational&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/PCP-Min?style=flat-square)

Minimal implementation of the protocol.

Commit message:

Badges bug fix (#54)
* Update README.md

* Linked usage guide

docs/README.md, after:

<center>

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/warning-School%20Project-important?style=for-the-badge)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol?style=for-the-badge)

![](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020?style=for-the-badge)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol?color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

[![](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/v/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol?label=Jitpack%20latest%20release&style=for-the-badge)](https://jitpack.io/#JacopoWolf/PotatoChatProtocol)

![](https://img.shields.io/jitpack/dm/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol?color=darkblue&style=for-the-badge)

</center>

---

# Resources

- [javadoc of the latest version](https://javadoc.jitpack.io/com/github/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/latest/javadoc/index.html), hosted on JitPack

- [general description](PCP.md) of the initial protocol idea.

- [usage guide](usage.md) to learn how to use the APIs


# Versions

## [PCP-Minimal](PCP-Min.md) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/PCP-Min?style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/dev-Min?color=informational&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jacopowolf/potatochatprotocol/PCP-Min?style=flat-square)

Minimal implementation of the protocol.
